Stop it
Teacher Wang Fugui
What brings you two here today?
Li Jiaren immediately released this person
Wang Fugui, this man committed theft and deserved death
How can you put it?
What did he throw in his anger?
Sir, this man stole a truckload of food from my house
There are also several large tanks of water
The evidence is solid
Yes, sir.
We can all testify, right?
Then since you found his breath
Did you find out his identity?
Sir, does this still need to be checked?
This man is a repeat offender at first glance
Shoot the whole family for thieves
Say who is who
Why are you answering?
Sir, I'm not scolding you.
Adjutant Wang
Although the origin of this person has not been found out yet
But the accusation is not false.
Legal person brilliant
Did you steal anything?
Mayor Huang, these are all false things
They set me up
Fart boss
Put people inside
Hey, teacher
You can't trust the master of his side
Such a cunning person
How can it be served easily?
Are you sure?
Of course I'm sure of this.
In my many years of experience
He must be a repeat offender.
You must betray justice
Family, why don't you two assign it together?
Hey, hey, hey, I dare not
Then your mother's oops, Ali's sworn brothers dare to leave
Gorgeous, do you still have this fashion?